Here is a chance to exercise your creative writing skills. In the past, you have helped created a way to implement a simple text based interactive stories as an HTML document. For example, it can be used to create something like the classic Adventure! game. We'll get into implementation details later, but first lets create an outline for a story idea.

Our game engine supports three concepts: locations, items, and states. Only one location can be active at a time. This is where the player is located. Items exist at a location, but can be picked up and dropped by the player. While held by the player, they move from location to location with the player. When dropped, they remain at the location where they were dropped. We need an unique id for each location and item. These id strings must conform to the HTML id string guidelines. We'll also need title text and description text for each location and item. These descriptions can include HTML elements that execute JavaScript code when clicked. This code can change the current location, pickup or drop items, and set or clear state variables. API details will be given after we have created an outline.

The state variables supported by the game engine lets us change what text is shown to the user as part of the location and item descriptions. Text shown can be conditional on what states are currently active. These conditions are described using boolean expressions that can use not, and, and or operators along with state variable names. For example, a \"light\" item could have the state \"light-on\" which triggers the display of text describing what is seen but only while the \"light-on\" state is active. There are a number of built in states that represent when items are held, or at a particular location, or at the current location. Details on how to use these states will be provided later, after we have an outline for the story to be created.

That should give you an idea of what kinds of interactive stories we can support. It can involve multiple locations, and items that can be picked up and moved around. You could even treat an NPC as an item that is moved around with the player, or left in a particular location. And you can use state variables to make the story progress as the player performs certain actions, solves puzzles, etc.

The theme for this story you are going to create is: a psychedelic experience where you need to unravel mysteries to achieve enlightenment.

For this story, lets aim for 5 different locations, along with some items and/or npcs for the the player to interact with. The outline should include an overview of the story, locations, and items. Goals or achievements for the player. And \"writing style guide\" for the content to be created, so that the tone and phrasing are consistent with the flavor of the story and the target audience.

